so hi everyone I'm Kimiko a software
engineer at Google working on Chrome
browser I'm Jim Peck I'm a software
engineer at protocol labs so I'm very
excited to be here to talk about what I
could to learn about
ipfs and the committee and also to
explore what browsers and the web
standard can do for decent rise the
content consumption on web so I'd like
to talk about our recent web standard
proposal which is called signed HTTP
extents it's a kind of simple concept
it's a format that represents an HTTP
request/response but it's
cryptographically signed with a
certificate so that the content can tell
the true origin of content over like
what plasm well what organization has
published the content and also like I
can tell the intuited of the content so
that you can verify it's not modified
from the original content so what does
this mean the culprits content
distribution and the content attribution
I think I probably sounds natural to you
too you may be natural to you but lemme
know that this is a web standard
proposal where things are basically
things between it will rely on the
situation - and thisis connection to the
origin server to be able to verify the
origin and we are trying to propose a
new alternative architecture to the web
so that the winner brought a lot this
content or the signature it can actually
show the true origin in the address bar
and also it can give the right
permission to that origin we got
resolved wherever the content loaded
from it can come from your pure
computer's rekha from like ipfs of
course and we think that it can be used
for Boris Yusuke
like for anti-censorship or like our
torrent images to decentralized content
distribution or maybe our church
obsession or postings so earlier in the
presentation I mentioned that the
exchange it's basically represent a
single resource but you know your
webpage would probably comprised of
various resources like images JavaScript
videos or whatever and of course
exchange can be also a bundled in a
single format or single package and they
can be distributed with your signature
like a book so here are a little bit
more details about Zionists it be
exchanged the basically resource in the
certificate and so signature told we are
we Europe certificate information and
integrity information wherever our skip
was other details so I mentioned that
it's a new web standard proposal but
it's actually also implemented in the
ship in chrome so that you can try it on
Chrome
today and the gym it's going to show
always on them how this can work with
IPSS
okay so okay we recorded this video and
it might loop so I'm making a webpage
I'm just going to upload it to ipfs
pretty standard static HTML based
website and it's been uploaded ipfs and
I created a web service you can go to
it's just
prototype login with you github account
so anybody can try it create a site name
so I'm calling this SXG demo and as my
github and put this the idea in there
and hit publish this is sped up but it's
going to read read the static site from
IVFs sign it with signed exchanges
aren't using SSL cert that I own and
then it published it to ipfs and then I
can load it in chrome it loops it
published a site and when you click on
it in chrome it was there and which is
really neat because it doesn't exist on
an HTTP web site anywhere it just only
exists in ipfs but it has all the
security benefits of running it on a
hosted website
[Applause]